#summary Homework 3b for CECS 550

= Homework 3b =

HOMEWORK 3B DUE Nov 30, 2009

6. Plot these tracking metrics using EXCEL or other spread sheet programs as appropriate. Plot errors discovered by date. This will give you a graph to compute the error rate. Also,
plot the rate of removal of errors. Calculate the mean and variance of the delays in defect removal. Explain extreme cases as part of the data-mining task.


7. From your testing data, mark on the Fishbone diagram, the actual statistics you followed to determine faults/failures. For the Function Points of your projects, determine the
corresponding errors. From your log books determine the effort spent in development for each function point. Did you predict this testing effort in February? Did you use any
(formal) model to predicted effort? Which one and how? The Fishbone diagram helps in the datamining of the Software faults data. What other software engineering
knowledge discoveries can you note?


8. Design and note all test-stub drivers for test instrumentation. Write the extent to which you have test coverage. What types of coverage do you have for the object oriented part
of your design? Give an overall measure based on these measurements for the quality of testing. Discuss which tool you used, such as JUNIT, or NUNIT or some other Testing
tool.


9. Calculate the total effort spent by Nov 30, 2009 from your log books. Use appropriate Object Oriented Software Metrics. Relate your effort to the time spent on the project and
the testing effort. Plot these by month and by individuals in the team. Add up the size of all test-stubs and drivers. Express it as a percentage of the total delivered code. What was
the size of the maximum code When did it occur?


10. Discuss effort estimation at different milestones in the project. Analyze and discover the relations between the metrics of different phases of the software. Identify the
configuration items needed in your project.. Tabulate the number of revisions, versions or changes you made. Check your logs and document how the timeline of changes actually
occurred. Explain how the target test coverage was met adequately or not. What were the software engineering reasons?


11. Identify critical stages in the process and discuss the process management issues in your project. Do you have unfinished work that can be easily taken over by another team? Is
your documentation supportive of this task? What maintenance, security and upgrading measures are in the finished product? What is the estimate of potential maintenance work
as you conclude your project and hand it over to the next team or phase? How would you characterize the reliability of your product?