=3.1 External interface requirements=
==3.1.1 User interfaces==
 # Create classroom template
 # Import class roster
 # Modify class roster
 # Add students into a classroom
 # Generate seating chart

==3.1.2 Hardware interfaces==
 * None.

==3.1.3 Software interfaces==
 # Access database used to store all of the classroom information for a specific class.
 # Classroom templates used to store premade classroom configuration.

==3.1.4 Communications interfaces==
 * None.

=3.2 System features=

==3.2.1 System Feature 1==
The ability to represent a model of the classroom 
===3.2.1.1 Introduction / Purpose of Feature===
The classroom model needs to be able to place individual students in seats located inside of real classrooms.  The model needs to approximate seating locations in the classroom.
===3.2.1.2 Stimulus / Response sequence===
A basic knowledge of classroom layout is needed.
===3.2.1.3 Associated functional requirements===
====3.2.1.3.1 Functional requirement 1====
 * Seat can be specified as left handed
 * Priority: Critical
====3.2.1.3.2 Functional requirement 2====
 * Seat can be flagged as being in the front, middle, or back of the room
 * Priority: Critical
====3.2.1.3.3 Functional requirement 3====
 * Seat can be flagged as being in the left, middle, or rights side of the room
 * Priority: Medium
====3.2.1.3.4 Functional requirement 4====
 * Seat can be flagged as not being allowed to be used
 * Priority: High
====3.2.1.3.5 Functional requirement 5====
 * Seat can be flagged as not being an actual seat (aisle ways and missing seats)
 * Priority: Low
====3.2.1.3.6 Functional requirement 6====
 * The actual seat number specified in the classroom
 * Priority: High


==3.2.2 System Feature 2==
A class roster representing students enrolled in the class
===3.2.2.1 Introduction / Purpose of Feature===
Represent students who will be placed in a classroom as specified by enrollment.
===3.2.2.2 Stimulus / Response sequence===
 * Class roster with students enrolled in the class.
===3.2.2.3 Associated functional requirements===
====3.2.2.3.1 Functional requirement 1====
 * Data stored needs to be student last name, student first name, student id, handedness flag, vision impairment flag, and section number
 * Priority: Critical
====3.2.2.3.2 Functional requirement 2====
 * Student list needs to be sortable by student last name then first name
 * Priority: Medium
====3.2.2.3.3 Functional requirement 3====
 * Student list needs to be group by section then stored by last name then first name
 * Priority: Critical
====3.2.2.3.4 Functional requirement 4====
 * Student roster can be imported from a CSV file.  This includes the students first name, last name, student ID, and section number.
 * Priority: Medium
====3.2.2.3.5 Functional requirement 5====
 * Student handedness and vision is settable through the user interface
 * Priority: Critical
====3.2.2.3.6 Functional requirement 6====
 * Students can be added, edited, and removed from the class roster through the user interface
 * Multiple students can be removed from the class roster at the same time.
 * Priority: Critical

==3.2.3 System Feature 3==
Assigning students in roster to seats in specified classroom
===3.2.3.1 Introduction / Purpose of Feature===
Make a best attempt at fulfilling all student and classroom requirements while assigning a specific seat to everyone on the roster.
===3.2.3.2 Stimulus / Response sequence===
 * A complete room roster
 * A valid classroom model
 * The number of available seats must be greater than or equal to the number of students.
===3.2.3.3 Associated functional requirements===
====3.2.3.3.1 Functional requirement 1====
Algorithm must attempt to meet student requirements
 * Left handed students should be placed in left handed desks
 * Students with vision impairment should be placed towards the front of the classroom
 * Priority: Critical
====3.2.3.3.2 Functional requirement 2====
Students should be able to be placed in multiple rooms for different days or meetings times for the same class.
 * Priority: High
====3.2.3.3.3 Functional requirement 3====
Multiple filling algirothms are employed in order to make a best attempt at filling the classroom
 # Front to back
 # Every other seat
 # Prioritized students first (left handed and vision impairment first)
 # Manual placement of students
 * Priority: High
====3.2.3.3.4 Functional requirement 4====
Seating assignments must be saved so they can be recalled later.
 * Priority: Critical

==3.2.4 System Feature 4==
Generation of seating assignment reports
===3.2.4.1 Introduction / Purpose of Feature===
Provide a printable version of seating assignments for professor and students.
===3.2.4.2 Stimulus / Response sequence===
A seating chart must have been successfully generated placing all students in seats.
===3.2.4.3 Associated functional requirements===
====3.2.4.3.1 Functional requirement 1====
Graphical Representation
 # Provides a visual approximation of where students will be located in the classroom.
 # Places all students name in a grid that matches the classroom layout
 * Priority: Low
====3.2.4.3.2 Functional requirement 2====
Textual Representation
 # Provides a text based list of seating assignments
 # Report broken down by section then alphabetized by first then last name
 * Priority: Critical



=3.3 Performance requirements=
 * Seating assignments must be calculated in under 5 minutes.

=3.4 Design constraints=
 * Classroom template files must be stand alone for each different classroom configuration.
 * Class file must be a single file which can easily opened and closed.

=3.5 Software system attributes=
 * Standalone C# windows application

=3.6 Other requirements=
 * Software must be able to be used by a non-technical user.